feat: add option to remove reroll error message (#436)
Androz2091/discord-giveaways: README.md

</a>

#### ⚠ ATTENTION!

The command examples below (reroll, edit delete, end) can be executed on any server your bot is a member of if a person has the `prize` or the `messageId` of a giveaway. To prevent abuse we recommend to check if the `prize` or the `messageId` that was provided by the command user is for a giveaway on the same server, if it is not, then cancel the command execution.

```js
const giveaway =
    // Search with giveaway prize
    client.giveawaysManager.giveaways.find(
        (g) => g.guildId === interaction.guildId && g.prize === interaction.options.getString('query')
    ) ||
    // Search with messageId
    client.giveawaysManager.giveaways.find(
        (g) => g.guildId === interaction.guildId && g.messageId === interaction.options.getString('query')
    );

// If no giveaway was found

> if (!giveaway) return interaction.channel.send('Unable to find a giveaway for `' + args.join(' ') + '`.');

Author: ```suggestion
if (!giveaway) return interaction.reply('Unable to find a giveaway for `' + options.getString('query') + '`.');
```
In interaction, it's possible that the bot doesn't have permission to send messages in this channel. So changing it to reply will solve the issue.

Reviewer: yeah you can
